IBX-4760: Unsuported ezstarrating in upgrade (#1908)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/update_and_migration/migrate_to_ibexa_dxp/migrating_from_ez_publish_platform.md

Steps here should only be done once you are ready to move away from legacy and Legacy Bridge, as the following Field Types are not supported by legacy. In other words, content you have migrated will not be editable in legacy admin interface anymore, but rather in the more modern eZ Platform back-end UI, allowing you to take full advantage of what the Platform has to offer.

The Field Types unsupported in eZ Platform are:

- [XmlText](#321-migrate-xmltext-content-to-richtext)
- [Page](#322-migrate-page-field-to-page-ez-enterprise-only)
- Star Rating

> For Field Types which do not have specific procedures below, you must either:

Reviewer: If you go with:
```suggestion
For Field Types which do not have specific procedures below, you must take one of the following courses of action:
```
you can remove the ", or" part and fullstop from the bulleted list below.

- implement them yourself in eZ Platform, or
- remove them from all Content Types that use them.

!!! tip

    To find out which Content Types use a specific Field Type,
    you can run the following SQL query on your database (in this case, for the Star Rating Field Type):

    ``` sql
    select contentclass_id from ezcontentclass_attribute where data_type_string='ezsrrating' group by contentclass_id;
    ```

> ??? tip "`defaultLayout` setting not available"

Reviewer 2: About this section.. This section applies if you upgrade to 2.5 and then realizes that you still have old page fields that hasn't been converted and you want to delete them. IE: you want to delete the fields using the admin-ui in 2.5. This also applies if you are intending to run 2.5 with legacy bridge. Then the config below should to be adapted to the config you have in legacy ( so adding any custom layouts  etc. ).

If you realize you have page fields you want to delete prior to migration, you may just do that in the legacy admin without applying the config below.
Sorry that I was not clear in this in our earlier chat

If you

Author: Does this also refer to upgrade to 1.13? Or do you only do this on 1.13 > 2.5?

Reviewer 2: It applies to the moment you drop legacy support ( ie move for ezpublish platform to platform, or get rid of legacy bridge in ezplatform )

>     If you want to remove a Page Field from your Content Type definition, you can encounter an issue

Reviewer: Is it rather "When removing..."?

    ``` yaml
    ezpublish:
        system:
            global:
                ezpage:
                    layouts:
                        GlobalZoneLayout:
                            name: Global zone layout
                            template: globalzonelayout.tpl
                        2ZonesLayout1:
                            name: 2 zones (layout 1)
                            template: 2zoneslayout1.tpl
                        2ZonesLayout2:
                            name: 2 zones (layout 2)
                            template: 2zoneslayout2.tpl
                        2ZonesLayout3:
                            name: 2 zones (layout 3)
                            template: 2zoneslayout3.tpl
                        3ZonesLayout1:
                            name: 3 zones (layout 1)
                            template: 3zoneslayout1.tpl
                        3ZonesLayout2:
                            name: 3 zones (layout 2)
                            template: 3zoneslayout2.tpl
                        CallForActionLayout:
                            name: Call For Action zone layout
                            template: callforactionlayout.tpl
    ```

>     Clear and refresh the page, which should activate the dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Clear the cache and refresh the page. The the dropdown should now be active.
```

Steps here should only be done once you are ready to move away from legacy and Legacy Bridge, as the following Field Types are not supported by legacy. In other words, content you have migrated will not be editable in legacy admin interface anymore, but rather in the more modern eZ Platform back-end UI, allowing you to take full advantage of what the Platform has to offer.

The Field Types unsupported in eZ Platform are:

- [XmlText](#321-migrate-xmltext-content-to-richtext)
- [Page](#322-migrate-page-field-to-page-ez-enterprise-only)
- Star Rating

> - Matrix

Reviewer 2: The matrix fieldtype is still supported as mentioned in "old" doc : https://github.com/ezsystems/developer-documentation/pull/1335/files#diff-c5a23f68142e5e2271c509d89f7a5e9d82d06d6c0fdf629b8fa509613e2bf0b2

However, in order to make it run on later 2.5 versions you need to run a migration script : https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/update_and_migration/from_1.x_2.x/update_db_to_2.5/#changes-to-matrix-field-type
